---
title: Meet The U.S. Attorney
url: https://www.justice.gov/usao-sd/staff-profile/meet-us-attorney
date: '2026-04-09'
author: cory.slechta@usdoj.gov
feed_url: https://justice.gov/rss.xml
---
Meet The U.S. Attorney cory.slechta@u… Thu, 04/09/2026 - 10:37 Ron Parsons U.S. Attorney Ron Parsons has assumed office as the 45 th United States Attorney for the District of South Dakota. He was sworn in by the Honorable Roger L. Wollman, Senior United States Circuit Judge, in a brief ceremony at the federal courthouse in Sioux Falls, on Tuesday October 14, 2025, and immediately began his duties. Ron Parsons has assumed office as the 45 th United States Attorney for the District of South Dakota. He was sworn in by the Honorable Roger L. Wollman, Senior United States Circuit Judge, in a brief ceremony at the federal courthouse in Sioux Falls, on Tuesday October 14, 2025, and immediately began his duties. As U.S. Attorney, Mr. Parsons is the chief law enforcement officer responsible for prosecuting and defending the interests of the United States in the District of South Dakota. Mr. Parsons was nominated by President Donald J. Trump, and recently confirmed by the Senate. Before his confirmation, Mr. Parsons was most recently a partner at the law firm of Johnson, Janklow & Abdallah, LLP, heading the firm's Appellate Department. This will be his second tenure as the top federal prosecutor in the state having served as U.S. Attorney in South Dakota during the President's first term, from 2018 to 2021. It is an honor to again serve South Dakota as the U.S. Attorney. I am humbled and appreciative of the opportunity to work alongside such talented, and dedicated colleagues, said Parsons. Mr. Parsons received his B.A. from the University of Minnesota and his J.D. from the University of South Dakota's Knudson School of Law and resides in Sioux Falls. Wed, 01/01/2025 - 12:00 USAO - South Dakota
