---
title: Meet the Acting Attorney General
url: https://www.justice.gov/ag/staff-profile/meet-acting-attorney-general-0
date: '2026-04-22'
author: Tamara.Harrison@usdoj.gov
feed_url: https://justice.gov/rss.xml
---
Meet the Acting Attorney General Tamara.Harriso… Wed, 04/22/2026 - 13:39 Todd Blanche Acting Attorney General Todd Blanche Acting Attorney General The Honorable Todd Blanche is the Acting Attorney General of the United States, while serving as the 40th Deputy Attorney General of the United States. The Honorable Todd Blanche is the Acting Attorney General of the United States, while serving as the 40th Deputy Attorney General of the United States, overseeing the work of over 100,000 dedicated employees who fulfill the Department of Justice’s mission at Main Justice, the FBI, DEA, U.S. Marshals, ATF, BOP, and 93 U.S. Attorney’s Offices. Todd began his career at the Department where he served for nearly fifteen years in a variety of capacities, including as a contractor, a paralegal in the Criminal Division and at the United States Attorney’s office for the Southern District of New York, where he eventually became an AUSA and later a supervisor. After leaving the Department, Todd worked as a defense attorney that included representing President Donald Trump in three of the criminal cases brought against him in 2023 and 2024. Following President Trump’s historic return to the White House, the President appointed Todd to serve as the Deputy Attorney General. At the DOJ, Todd is working tirelessly to implement President Trump’s priorities that include confronting illegal immigration, dismantling transnational drug organizations, combating violent crime and protecting American taxpayers from fraud. Todd has been married to his wife Kristine for nearly thirty years and has two adult children. Thu, 01/01/2026 - 12:00 Office of the Attorney General
