---
title: Assistant Attorney General for Legal Policy
url: https://www.justice.gov/olp/staff-profile/assistant-attorney-general-legal-policy
date: '2026-03-09'
author: Cathy.Flanagan@usdoj.gov
feed_url: https://justice.gov/rss.xml
---
Assistant Attorney General for Legal Policy Cathy.Flanagan… Mon, 03/09/2026 - 09:34 Daniel E. Burrows Assistant Attorney General for Legal Policy Daniel E. Burrows Assistant Attorney General for Legal Policy Daniel E. Burrows is the Assistant Attorney General for Legal Policy. Daniel E. Burrows is the Assistant Attorney General for Legal Policy. He is responsible for planning, developing, and coordinating the Department of Justice’s major policy initiatives. He serves as the Department’s designated regulatory officer, represents the Department on the Administrative Conference of the United States, and carries out the Department’s responsibilities relating to the selection and appointment of Federal judges. He was confirmed by the Senate on February 10, 2026, and the President appointed him to lead the Office of Legal Policy three days later. Immediately prior to his appointment, Mr. Burrows was Deputy Assistant to the President and Deputy White House Staff Secretary. He served two years as the Chief Deputy Attorney General of Kansas, where he was the top appointed official in a government agency with more than 175 employees and a $36 million annual budget. This is Mr. Burrows’ second stint at the Department of Justice: from 2014 to 2020, he was detailed as a Special Assistant U.S. Attorney in the District of Colorado. He prosecuted frauds, false claims, and other white-collar crimes, with an emphasis on government benefit fraud. Mr. Burrows is a proud Coloradan and a graduate of the University of Virginia and the University of Iowa College of Law. He clerked for Judge Margaret Ryan on the Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces and is a Major in the Army Reserve. Thu, 01/01/2026 - 12:00 Office of Legal Policy
