---
title: Acting Chief of Staff, Kelly S. Milliron
url: https://www.justice.gov/criminal/staff-profile/acting-chief-staff-kelly-milliron
date: '2026-03-02'
author: William.Pacheco@usdoj.gov
feed_url: https://justice.gov/rss.xml
---
Acting Chief of Staff, Kelly S. Milliron William.Pachec… Mon, 03/02/2026 - 12:11 Kelly S. Milliron Acting Chief of Staff, Kelly S. Milliron Acting Chief of Staff Kelly Milliron serves as the Acting Chief of Staff and Counselor to the Assistant Attorney General. In this role, Kelly establishes and implements the strategic priorities and programmatic direction of the Division by advising the Assistant Attorney General on a broad range of issues, including those relating to the management of the Division’s resources. Kelly Milliron serves as the Acting Chief of Staff and Counselor to the Assistant Attorney General. In this role, Kelly establishes and implements the strategic priorities and programmatic direction of the Division by advising the Assistant Attorney General on a broad range of issues, including those relating to the management of the Division’s resources. Kelly Joined the Criminal Division in December 2025 as the Acting Deputy Chief of Staff. Before joining the Criminal Division, Kelly served as an Assistant United States Attorney for the Middle District of Florida since December 2023. During her time with the Middle District of Florida, Kelly indicted and investigated cases involving drug trafficking, violent crime, illegal immigration, national security, threats, fraud, money laundering, firearms offenses, and crimes against children. Before working for the Department, Kelly clerked for the Honorable Timothy J. Corrigan when he served as Chief Judge of the U.S. District Court in the Middle District of Florida. For several years, she also worked at a large nationally ranked law firm practicing commercial litigation. Kelly is a Magna Cum Laude graduate of the University of Florida Levin College of Law where she was the Executive Articles Editor of Florida Law Review. Beware of Scammers Criminals are impersonating Criminal Division personnel to commit fraud. Don’t fall victim. Learn More Criminal Division
